Do you have any plans for Mother's Day?
I do.
I'm just going to send a gift
and some flowers back home though.
There would be other ways
to celebrate if we lived with my mom.
Like doing housework?
I'll only make things worse
if I help with housework.
I wonder why your parents
allowed you to live alone.
You can't do any housework.
Fujimiya, I'm glad to be
in the same class.
And I'm curious what made you decide
to live on your own.
I didn't want to stay
in my hometown for some reason.
You don't need to take it too seriously.
I don't want to make you
worry so much about me.
It's nothing serious.
It's just that there are some people
back there I don't want to see.
That's why I moved out.
It's nothing, seriously.
For me, it's all in the past.
You are lying.
I'm not.
Well...
You wouldn't have had
that expression if it were nothing.
It's okay if you don't want to tell me.
But it makes me sad to see you being sad.
It's not that I don't want to tell you.
It's really not a big deal.
And it's not interesting at all.
Where should I begin?
How do I put it?
I guess you can say I'm a lucky child.
I have parents who love me,
and I grew up in a well-off family.
They take a great care of me,
and I know I'm loved by them.
But I didn't realize
how lucky I was back then.
I trusted people around me.
In a word, I was very naive.
It must have been very easy to trick
and use such a naive person.
Fujimiya is making me laugh my head off.
With that mediocre looks,
he thinks he's popular.
Don't speak ill of him.
He's been treating us all the time.
Cause that's the only thing he can do.
That's right.
And...
I caught them saying nasty things
about me behind my back.
Hey.
Don't you think that's a bit
over the line even as friends?
Huh?
What are you talking about?
From the start,
you are just a walking wallet to us.
Of course I knew
not everyone is like them.
I knew some people wanted to be my friends
because they liked my personality.
But I felt afraid
once I started to suspect them.
I couldn't trust anyone anymore.
So I left my hometown.
I wanted to move to a place
where no one knows me and start again.
If I were there,
I would slap those guys so hard.
No, your hand would get hurt if you did.
I don't feel as bad as you do.
You don't need to be upset.
Amane.
Feelings cannot be compared.
And I don't want it to be compared.
You sadness belongs only to you.
You can't compare it with mine.
All I can do is to accept your pain
and support you.
Just like how you supported me.
I want to support you
and I want you to rely on me.
I'm relying on you everyday.
I mean mentally.
I'm relying on you mentally too.
Then please rely on me more.
You don't want to spoil me.
I can never spoil you enough.
You'll make me a spoiled loser.
Are you saying that now?
I've always known you are spoiled.
But...
I also know that you are kind and patient.
You can always depend on me.
I'm fine really.
Don't play tough with me, you silly.
Shut up and just let me spoil you.
You are so persistent.
You just noticed?
Girls can be persistent sometimes.
I always return the favors.
I relied on you last time
and I acted like a child to you.
It's my turn now.
Please let me spoil you like a child.
I'm returning the favor now.
This is more than I gave you.
Then you owe me a favor.
If I feel down one day,
it'll be enough if you are
there to support me.
Don't do something like this again.
But I don't want to see you sad.
So please come to me earlier next time.
That's a bit...
Why did you look away?
You shouldn't allow me
to act like a child.
I'm a guy... after all...
I know that.
You don't understand at all.
You are the one who doesn't understand.
What do you mean?
You don't understand anything, silly.
I wouldn't let anyone
other than you do that.
What's wrong?
Hugging you from your front is fine.
But you're startled by a back hug?
Anyone would get startled
if you do it so suddenly.
You said yourself I can come to you.
Don't turn around.
Idiot.
I am an idiot.
I'm a sly person.
I know you'd accept me,
that's why I'm relying on you.
You've always been a sly one.
Sorry about that.
If you're going to be sly,
you can be slyer.
I'm a sly person as well.
I have no right to complain about you.
You are sly? How?
You can't tell?
If you haven't realized I'm sly,
then you still have way more to learn.
Mahiru is an idiot too.
Silly girl.
I need to work harder
until I can feel confident
to stand next to her.
I wanted to ask you something, Shiina.
What is it?
Uh...
Someone saw you walking with a guy
at the shopping mall.
Yes, I did.
So...
What's your relationship with that guy?
Relationship...
I guess you can say we are friends.
Friends?
So it wasn't a date?
A date?
Well.
Considering the definition of a date,
you can call it a date.
What do you mean by that?
We are not a couple.
But for me,
he's the most important person to me.
I wasn't lying.
Even though we've only
been together for half a year,
it really was a great time for me.
I've never involved with
anyone so deeply before.
So you are the one closest to me
and whom I like the most.
For me, the world is very small.
I can count the people
I like with one hand.
And among those people, you are
the closest and most important one to me.
You told me I could just be myself.
Mahiru...
So please have more confidence.
You know you are the one I trust the most.
But you should know that what you said
could cause some misunderstandings.
I did it on purpose.
People would start to imagine things
if I just brushed it off.
That is true.
Giving them some information
makes it easier to control the rumors.
Is that so?
But you should've told me beforehand,
so I wouldn't misunderstand.
Misunderstand?
If I said that you were very important
to me, you'd overthink too, wouldn't you?
I don't think you'll tell anyone
in the first place.
I guess you are right.
Or, are you willing to make it public?
It's kind of annoying to be popular.
People keep their eyes on
your relationship and even have a say.
But it's just you and me here.
No one will say anything.
So I'll overlook it for now.
Exercising?
You?
So I'll go out more often.
That's sudden.
Exercising is good, of course. But why?
I just think I need to
toughen up as a guy.
Wow. I never expected you to say that,
considering the way you lived.
You might get tired doing
something you're not used to.
Should I comfort you beforehand?
Stop it.
I can do it anytime if you want it.
It's like you're willing to do
anything I want. That's scary.
As long as it's within my power.
But I will ask for a return of favor.
What will that be?
I have some requests too.
As long as it's within my power.
This is a so-called fair exchange.
But I'm greedier than you.
Then just go ahead and ask me.
I wanted to ask you...
To come...
Come...
Please pat my head.
That's all?
Yes.
I like being touched by you.
I like you.
Please touch me more.
This is the worst.
I can't stand myself.
Amane.
Why do you look so dead?
No reason.
I just went running in the morning.
No wonder you are tired.
This happens when someone
suddenly starts to do exercises.
If you don't feel well,
you should go straight home
and rest after school.
Thank you, but I'm fine.
Are you mad?
I'm not.
It means you are mad
when you answer like that.
Did I do anything wrong?
No, it's not because of you.
I should apologize for making you upset.
Then why are you so cold today?
No... just...
For some reason...
Are you annoyed at me now?
I would never.
It's a personal issue, I should say.
Just something on my mind.
You can't tell me?
How can I explain something like that?
I was seducing you?
I am really sorry!
I've always been careful
not to see you in that way.
How did I do it in your dream?
Is this some kind of erotic humiliation?
Humiliation?
No.
It's just that if it even
got you so embarrassed,
I want to use it
as a reference for later on.
No, you don't have to do that.
And what are you
taking it as reference for?
When I want to make your heart race.
It's bad for my heart. Please don't.
You are actually more...
I should say, you are the most
innocent one among all the boys I know.
Shut up. The same goes for you.
I never thought of interacting with guys.
And you are the only one so close to me.
I haven't really interacted
with girls either.
Anyway, I found out some good news today.
Good news?
I'm the first girl
you've ever interacted with.
That's...
No, it's not wrong,
but it sounds so wrong.
What's wrong with that?
I'm the same.
It's my first time as well.
F... First time...
Amane.
I'm fine. Please don't look at me.
Why did you say please?
Just don't look at me.
Then I won't.
I'm not looking now.
You're right.
You avoided me all day long.
Just endure it now.
-Seriously?
-Exams again?
It sucks.
What kind of crappy schedule is that?
Mahiru.
Itsuki and Kadowaki will come here
to study together tomorrow morning.
Is that okay?
Sure.
Shall I prepare food for the three of you?
You don't need to...
I just need to cook more. It's alright.
By the way,
can I join the group?
They said as long as you want to.
Should we invite Chitose?
I already did.
Save me, Mahiru!
My dad will be so mad
if I don't do well this time.
That's what she said.
We agreed to study together tomorrow.
She definitely did it on purpose.
You are working hard for the next exam.
Well... I want to boost my confidence.
I hope I can get into the top ten.
I see. Should I give you
a little more motivation?
Motivation?
If you get into the top ten,
I'll grant your wish.
Even something you usually never ask me.
What if I ask you to do
something dangerous?
Depends on what you ask.
But I'd probably just say to myself that
you are a guy after all, and do that.
Then let me lie on your lap
like last time.
No problem.
I'll clean your ears too.
Just enjoy it.
Excuse me.
Welcome.
Where is Mahiru?
She's in the kitchen preparing lunch.
Mahiru.
Welcome.
Sorry to bother you.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I'm just surprised that Shiina's
staying in your home so naturally.
I need her help with meals after all.
So...
What don't you understand, Chitose?
All of it.
All... of it?
Itsuki needs to
get his attitude right for this.
You can't laugh your way out of this.
Yuta, Amane is so strict.
Itsuki, you should get serious about this.
All right.
Well done.
Thank you.
You are the type who likes
to give to others, right?
I only give to the one I want to.
What do you mean?
What do you think I mean?
Like you can't leave a loser
who can't sort out his own life?
Yeah.
You won't be able to live without me.
That's absolutely correct.
It's okay,
because I like taking care of you.
She'll spoil me rotten
and make me unable to live without her.
I will spoil you rotten
with all my might.
So, just accept it.
NEXT EPISODE